Improve working-with-gatekeeper.md (#2013)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/working-with-gatekeeper.md

# Working with Gatekeeper(OPA)

[Gatekeeper](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper) , is a customizable admission webhook for Kubernetes that enforces policies executed by the Open Policy Agent (OPA), a policy engine for Cloud Native environments hosted by [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://cncf.io/).

> This document provides an example to demonstrate how to use the `Gatekeeper` to manage OPA policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document demonstrates how to use the `Gatekeeper` to manage OPA policy. 
```
@Tingtal How about this?

Reviewer 2: Nice change! Another small touch: 
```suggestion
This document demonstrates how to use the `Gatekeeper` to manage OPA policies. 
```

Author: @RainbowMango Updated.
